It has been one of the most unpredictable and dramatic presidential campaigns in French political history -- and with less than a week to go before the election, the outcome remains too close to call. 
Only a few weeks ago, it appeared almost guaranteed that the French electorate would vote for a face off between National Front Leader Marine Le Pen and independent candidate Emmanuel Macron. 
But as Sunday's first round of voting draws ever closer, the political whirlwind that is far-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon appears to be gathering speed. 
Will Le Pen ease through? Can Macron persuade voters he's got a plan? Or will the left-wing firebrand Mélenchon cause widespread shock? 
Marine Le Pen is intensifying her anti-immigration rhetoric, telling a crowd at the Zenith arena Monday night that her first move as president would be to impose a temporary ban on legal immigration to France. 
"I will set up a moratorium on all legal immigration to stop this delirium, this uncontrolled situation," she said. 
The National Front leader gave a similar message to supporters Sunday, telling the crowd of about 5,000 people she would "reinstate France's borders." 
When she mentioned the European Union, the crowd booed, and she repeated her vow to take France out of the bloc, as well as from the border-free Schengen area. 
"Mass immigration is not an opportunity for France, it's a tragedy for France," she told supporters. 
"The French sometimes have fewer rights than foreigners -- even illegal ones," she added. 
On a night of tension, security personnel were forced to wrestle a protester to the ground after she ran toward Le Pen on the stage. 
Le Pen's closest rival, independent centrist Emmanuel Macron, would become the youngest man to lead France since Napoleon if he wins. 
The 39-year-old addressed supporters at the Bercy arena in Paris, accusing his opponents of wanting to take the country back to the past. 
While his rivals have been embroiled in scandal throughout the campaign, the youthful Macron has so far managed to sidestep the controversy. 
But his place in the second round of voting is under threat from far-left firebrand Jean-Luc Mélenchon. 